public/HTMLNotes/HTMLCode.md, before:

The following code is an HTML tag that contains information or metadata that helps the browser to display / render the webpage correctly.

```bash
<head>
```

There are multiple types of elements including, but not limited to:

```bash
<p>
<textarea>
<input>
<label>
<header>
<img>
```

Common types of elements that are used to divide content into sections are:

```bash
<div>
<section>
```

The following element represents the container for the visible content shown to the end-user"

```bash
<body>

```

The following tag is used to tell the browser what document type to expect.  

- It is also considered a declaration and is NOT case-sensitive:

```bash
<!DOCTYPE html>
```

The following tag contains the metadata for the webpage.  

```bash
<meta>
```

The previously mentioned tag may contain the following attributes:

```bash
   charset
   content
   http-equiv
   name
```

The following meta tag attribute sets the character encoding for the document:

- This is just an example. There are more than just one type of character encoding.

```bash
charset="UTF-8"
```

The following tag is used to embed executable code or data into the document:

- This tag is typically used for JavaScript files.

```bash
<script>
```

Commit message:

added some additional notes and changes some page setup settings around

public/HTMLNotes/HTMLCode.md, after:

The following code is an HTML tag that contains information or metadata that helps the browser to display / render the webpage correctly.

```html
<head>
```

There are multiple types of elements including, but not limited to:

```html
<p>
<textarea>
<input>
<label>
<header>
<img>
```

Common types of elements that are used to divide content into sections are:

```html
<div>
<section>
```

The following element represents the container for the visible content shown to the end-user"

```html
<body>

```

The following tag is used to tell the browser what document type to expect.  

- It is also considered a declaration and is NOT case-sensitive:

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
```

The following tag contains the metadata for the webpage.  

```html
<meta>
```

The previously mentioned tag may contain the following attributes:

```html
   charset
   content
   http-equiv
   name
```

The following meta tag attribute sets the character encoding for the document:

- This is just an example. There are more than just one type of character encoding.

```html
charset="UTF-8"
```

The following tag is used to embed executable code or data into the document:

- This tag is typically used for JavaScript files.

```html
<script>
```

To link your HTML page to an external CSS stylesheet you would use the following tag:

```html
<link>
```

- It is linked in the following tag about the title tag and below the meta tag.

```html
<head>
```
